# COMP 373 Project 4

## Visitor Design Pattern Implementation
Think of our system as a shopping cart, where we can add (shop) different kinds of items(elements) to our cart. When we are ready to checkout, we can click on the checkout button which will calculate the total amount due for our purchase. By using the Visitor pattern, we separated the operational logic (the calculation logic) of our system from the objects to another class using Visitor pattern. This gives the advantage that if the logic for our methods needs to be changed in the future, then we will have to make those changes only in the Visitor implementation rather than changing all our item classes. Furthermore, if we need to add a new item to our system, we will have to change only the Visitor interface and all the other system implementation and item classes won’t be affected of the change. Each element declares an accept() method to accept the visitor. The implementation of this method is the same in all elements, but it can be changed easily. 

## Builder Design Pattern Implementation
For the implementation of the Builder design pattern we defined a BurgerMaker class which can make different types of burgers that the customers may order. If a customer orders a cheeseburger, than the chef takes the products (ingredients) needed to build the cheeseburger and return the final product to the customer. By using the Builder design patter we enable the system to build various products using the same construction process. The products are build step by step, and the builder pattern is used to decide which ingredients are needed to build the final products. When cheeseburger is ordered, the system determines what ingredients will be included in the process. So, depending on the type of burger ordered, the constituent parts are the same and are following the same order. However, the final product is different. We tested our builder code in our builder Main method, where two builders are used to create the two different types of burgers – a cheeseburger and a hamburger. Additionally, we increased readability of our code by using the Builder design pattern.
